Scenario 1:
Initial Assumption: The user is already signed into the application. They have found various images on their feed they would like to gather into one album. 

Normal: The User scrolls through their feed, looking at images from all other twitter users they follow. As they scroll they see multiple images that they would like to gather into an album. The user then clicks on the album tab and selects 'New Album'. The user names the album, and goes back to the feed tab. From here they can select on an image to view it, find the drop-down menu associated with the image, and add it to their new Album. They can then return to the feed, adding more images to the album at their own discretion. When the user is done adding images, the user clicks on ‘Sign Out’ and closes the application. 


Scenario 2:
Initial Assumption: The user is already signed into the application. They have just made an album for their pictures and plan to download them when suddenly they lose internet connection.

Normal: The application proceeds to sign the user out because of the loss of connection. The user is then taken back to the login screen and sees that their username and password is already in the login credential boxes where the user sees password as asterisks. The user logs back into the application and clicks on the album tab to go back to the album which they created. The user finds the album and decides whether to download specific images inside the album or to download all of them. The user chooses to download all the images from the album and uses the drop-down menu for the album. The user then clicks the "Download All Images" option. Once clicked, the application downloads the desired images for the user.


Scenario 3:
Initial Assumptions: The user has a Twitter account and has successfully launched the application.

The user is greeted by a log in screen. They enter their Twitter username and password and press the log in button, choosing not to select the remember username or remember password options. From the home screen the user clicks on the search box and types in the username of another Twitter account, which takes them to a search results screen. The user clicks on the name of the profile that they were looking for and is taken to a gallery screen displaying that profile's photos. The user looks through the photos and clicks on one of them to enlarge and focus the picture, then clicks outside of the image to return to the gallery. The user clicks the next page button at the bottom of the page and is taken to a similar gallery page with older pictures from the same account. Finally the closes the primary window. The system automatically signs them out and terminates.
